Libraries
  * ffmpeg - http://ffmpeg.org/
  * LAME - http://lame.sourceforge.net/
  * x264

ffmpeg Configuration
  ./configure
  make
  make install

LAME Configuration
  ./configure
  make
  make install

ffmpeg Configuration
  ./configure --enable-shared --enable-libx264 --enable-gpl --enable-version3 
    --enable-pthreads --disable-yasm --enable-libmp3lame
  make
  make install


Usage
  To use our program you must first install all the necessary libraries by 
  following the configuration instructions listed above. x264 and LAME are
  included with the project in /lib. For the sake of keeping the project under
  10MB, ffmpeg was not included. It may be freely downloaded at
  http://ffmpeg.org

  Once you have all the libraries installed you may compile the project. 
  Change directories into the /src for the project and then compile it:
    make


  Now start the recorder program:
    ./recorder HANDLE

  Finally, start the player:
    ./player HANDLE

  Note: The HANDLE must be the same for both programs
  
  The nameserver should be running at a remote IP (email group if down)

  To quit, use CTRL+C.

Features
  1. Video & Audio Streaming: The recorder captures video frames from the camera and
  displays them in the recorder window. The video resolution is 640x480.
  Though we were able to send the packet data, we
  were unable to get the player to successfully display the packets sent from
  the recorder.

  2. TCP: The video and audio packets are sent over the network using TCP.

  3. Bandwidth: When the recorder sends packets, it counts the bytes sent 
  and every second the current outgoing bandwidth is reported to the screen.
  When the player receives packets, it counts the bytes received and the 
  current incoming bandwidth is reported to the screen.

  4. Latency: Every second, the latency between the recorder and player is
  tested and the result is reported to the screen. When the program is paused
  the latency will not be tested and reported.

  5. Pause: The user may pause the playback by pressing the SPACE key. When
  the program is paused, packets are still sent and received, so the bandwidth
  is calculated. However the latency is not tested or reported when the
  program is paused.

  6. Nameserver: The nameserver manages connections and connects users by
  matching usernames. This establishes the connection between the recorder and
  the player. It is being currently run on one of our servers with the ip
  address hardcoded in. (email group if nameserver isn't running)

  7. Remote Control: The player can control the recorder's camera by using the
  arrow keys. When the player window has focus, the user can press the 
  UP, RIGHT, LEFT, and DOWN keys to move the camera in all four directions.
