Libraries
  * gtk+ - http://gtk.org

gtk Configuration
  ./configure
  make
  make install

Usage
  To use our program you must have gtk+ installed on the computer.

  Next you must compile the Desktop application
    cd SmileTime_Desktop
    make

  Finally, start the smiletime Desktop application:
    ./smiletime HANDLE

  Note: Once you start the Desktop application your HANDLE will be added to
  the nameserver list. This list is presented in the Android mobile
  application.
  
  The nameserver should be running at a remote IP (email group if it is down)

  To quit, use CTRL+C.

Features
  1. Desktop Video & Audio Streaming: The smiletime desktop application 
  captures video frames from the camera and displays them in the recorder window. 
  The video resolution is 320x240. The video and audio packets from the
  desktop get sent over the network to the mobile application at a framerate
  of roughly 14 fps.  

  2. Mobile Video & Audio Streaming: The smiletime mobile application captures
  video frames and audio samples from the mobile phone's webcam and
  microphone. It records video at a resolution of 320x240 at roughly 14 fps.

  3. Bandwidth: When the desktop application sends packets, it counts the bytes sent 
  and every second the current outgoing bandwidth (in bits per second) is 
  reported to the screen.  When the player receives packets, it counts the 
  bytes received and the current incoming bandwidth is reported to the screen.

  ... UPDATE MORE

  4. Latency: Every second, the latency between the recorder and player is
  tested and the result is reported to the screen. When the program is paused
  the latency will not be tested and reported.

  5. Pause: The user may pause the playback by pressing the SPACE key. When
  the program is paused, packets are still sent and received, so the bandwidth
  is calculated. However the latency is not tested or reported when the
  program is paused.

  6. Nameserver: The nameserver manages connections and connects users by
  matching usernames. This establishes the connection between the recorder and
  the player. It is being currently run on one of our servers with the ip
  address hardcoded in. (email group if nameserver isn't running)

  7. Remote Control: The player can control the recorder's camera by using the
  arrow keys. When the player window has focus, the user can press the 
  UP, RIGHT, LEFT, and DOWN keys to move the camera in all four directions.
